#summary To keep track of who is doing what and how we do things.

-> STABLE HOME PAGE: http://naist.cpe.ku.ac.th/agrovoc/

-> Production version: http://naist.cpe.ku.ac.th/agrovoc/
-> Development version: http://vivaldi.cpe.ku.ac.th:8085/agrovoc/  

= Working with the issue tracker =

The owner is the reporter of the issue (this doesn't change).
Once, somebody picks up the issue to work on it, you change the status to "started" and put your name in the cc field (you can do this).
Once you fixed the issue, you change the status to "Fixed".
Then FAO will check on the online version, and if we are ok with it, we change the status to "Verified" and the issue is closed.

= Responsibilities =

|| *Module* || *Responsible* || *Deadline* || *Status at mid February for V0.1 Alpha* || *Revision due on* ||
|| Main page || Sachit || End of January 2008 || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Concept Module || Ton / Imm || End of January 2008 || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Term Module || Ton / Imm || End of January 2008  || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Schemes Module || Sachit (was Ton) || End of January 2008  || Ongoing || End of March 2008 ||
|| Search Module || Sachit (was Ton) || End of January 2008  || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Relationships || Ton / Imm || End of January 2008  || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Export Module || Thanaphat || End of January 2008  || Ongoing || End of March 2008 ||
|| Import Module || Nakbin || For Phase 2 || Not started but prototype exists || For Phase 2 ||
|| User Module || Thanaphat || End of January 2008  || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Group Module || Thanaphat || End of January 2008  || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Consistency Module || Sachit || End of January 2008  || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Validation Module || Sachit || End of January 2008  || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Statistics Module || Sachit || For Phase 2 || --- || For Phase 2 ||
|| Preferences Module || Sachit || For Phase 2 || --- || For Phase 2 ||
|| User Roles Security / Workflow || Everybody in the corresponding modules || End of January 2008  || Done || End of March 2008 ||
|| Persistent module development || Ton / Sachit || End of February 2008  || Ongoing || End of March 2008 ||

= Reporting = 

Every two weeks (latest!), Ton and Sachit send a little summary report (via email to Margherita) of what has been achieved within the last 2 weeks and what issues need to be resolved next. Any problems to solve shall also be reported here.

= Updates of the system = 

The development team at Kasetsart shall at least every two weeks or when modifications are stable update the online system at the stable web site http://naist.cpe.ku.ac.th/agrovoc/ so that testing users can see changes.
Minor updates on the development links should be sent as they are done via email to Margherita in the meantime. 